doc for knative eventing in operator (#570)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/configuring-knative-eventing-resources.adoc

= Knative Eventing
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Configuration of knatve eventing deployed by the operator
:keywords: kogito, sonataflow, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, knative, knative-eventing, events

This document describes how you can configure the workflows to let operator create the knative eventing resources on Kubernetes.

> Sonataflow can analyze the event definitions from `spec.flow` and create `SinkBinding`/`Trigger` based the type of the event. Then the workflow service can utilize them for event communications. The purpose of this feature in quarkus extension can be found xref:use-cases/advanced-developer-use-cases/event-orchestration/consume-produce-events-with-knative-eventing.adoc#ref-example-sw-event-definition-knative[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{operator_name} can analyze the event definitions from the `spec.flow` and create `SinkBinding`/`Trigger` based on the type of the event. Then the workflow service can utilize them for event communications. The purpose of this feature in quarkus extension can be found xref:use-cases/advanced-developer-use-cases/event-orchestration/consume-produce-events-with-knative-eventing.adoc#ref-example-sw-event-definition-knative[here].
```

> === Prerequisite

Reviewer 2: To fix the build
```suggestion
== Prerequisite
```

> 1. Knative is installed on the cluster and Knative Eventing is initiated with a KnativeEventing CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Knative is installed on the cluster and Knative Eventing is initiated with a `KnativeEventing` CR.
```

> 2. a broker named `default` is created. Currently all Triggers created by Sonataflow operator will read events from `default`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. a broker named `default` is created. Currently all Triggers created by the {operator_name} will read events from `default`
```

> 2. a broker named `default` is created. Currently all Triggers created by the {operator_name} will read events from `default`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. A broker named `default` is created. Currently all Triggers created by the {operator_name} will read events from `default`
```

== Configuring the workflow

> In order for operator to create the `SinkBinding` resources, the workflow must provide the sink information in `spec.sink`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the operator to create the `SinkBinding` resources, the workflow must provide the sink information in `spec.sink`.
```

.Example of a workflow with events

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
```

--
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlow
metadata:
...
spec:
  sink:

>     ref:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ref: <1>
```

      name: default
      namespace: greeting
      apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Broker
  flow:

>     events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    events: <2>
```

      - name: requestQuote
        type: kogito.sw.request.quote
        kind: produced
      - name: aggregatedQuotesResponse,
        type: kogito.loanbroker.aggregated.quotes.response,
        kind: consumed,
        source: /kogito/serverless/loanbroker/aggregator
...
--

> * `spec.sink.ref` defines the sink that all created sinkBinding will use as the destination sink for producing events
> * `spec.flow.events` lists all the events referenced in the workflow. Events with `produced` kind will trigger the creation of `SinkBindings` by the Sonataflow operator, while those labeled as `consumed` will lead to the generation of `Triggers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> `spec.sink.ref` defines the sink that all created sinkBinding will use as the destination sink for producing events
<2> `spec.flow.events` lists all the events referenced in the workflow. Events with `produced` kind will trigger the creation of `SinkBindings` by the {operator_name}, while those labeled as `consumed` will lead to the generation of `Triggers`.
```

[NOTE]
====

> Knative resources is not watched by the operator, indicating that they won't undergo automatic reconciliation. This grants users the freedom to make updates at their discretion.

Reviewer 3: Suggested a different words because they are easier to understand to everyone :) 
```suggestion
Knative resources are not watched by the operator, indicating they will not undergo automatic reconciliation. This grants users the freedom to make updates at their preference.
```
